updated a known issue (#6603)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/information-barriers-in-teams.md

- **Users can't join channel meetings**: If IB policies are enabled, users aren't allowed to join channel meetings if they're not a member of the team. The root cause is that IB checks rely on whether users can be added to a meeting chat roster, and only when they can be added to the roster are they allowed to join the meeting. The chat thread in a channel meeting is available to Team/Channel members only, and non-members can't see or access the chat thread. If IB is enabled for the tenant and a non-team member attempts to join a channel meeting, that user isn't allowed to join the meeting. However, if IB is _not_ enabled for the tenant and a non-team member attempts to join a channel meeting, the user is allowed to join the meeting—but they won't see the chat option in the meeting.

> - **Team owners are not removed**: If a new IB policy is applied, that results in two or more conflicting segments present in a Teams channel, then the segments with Team owners is given higher preferece and other segment users are removed. Also, at this time, Team owners are not getting removed, even if they are in conflict with other owners/users. Tenant admins and other channel owners will have to remove conflicting owners manually. We are working on a fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Team owners are not removed**: If a new IB policy is applied that results in two or more conflicting segments present in a Teams channel, the segments with Team owners are given higher preference and other segment users are removed. Also, at this time, Team owners are not getting removed, even if they are in conflict with other owners/users. Tenant admins and other channel owners will have to remove conflicting owners manually. We are working on a fix.
```
